1. Merkaz Dashboard: a screen used to get a general look about what is related to the Merkaz. There should be 4 labels in the same row that show how many tickets are in total, how many of them are in high secerity (6+), how many are in the status of "in progress" and how many Kabam users are related to the system. There should be 2 more graphs in the same row (other than the row from before) that the first of them show a pi chart of how many tickets are in each status (done, in progress, FP, waiting for identification, not related yet, reopened) and the other one should be a bar charts that shows how many tickets are related to the 24 rules that appear the most. If there are less than 24 rules with at least 1 ticket related to, then show only rules that have at least 1 ticket related to. There should be 2 graphs in the same row (other than the row from before) that the first of them show a bar chart of the 4 Kabam users that have the most tickets related to them and the other one should be a bar chart of the amount of tickets from every importance (grouped by 1-5, 6-8 and 9-10). If there are less than 4 kabams with at least 1 ticket related to them, then show only kabams that have at least 1 ticket related to them. 2. Kabam Dashboard: a screen used to get a general look about what is related to the Merkaz. There should be 4 labels in the same row that show how many tickets related to this kabam are in total, how many of them are in high secerity (6+), how many of them are in the status of "in progress" and how many units are involved in these open tickets. There should be 2 more graphs in the same row (other than the row from before) that the first of them show a pi chart of how many tickets (again, related to this kabam) are in each status (done, in progress, FP, waiting for identification, not related yet, reopened) and the other one should be a bar charts that shows how many tickets are related to the 10 rules that appear the most. If there are less than 10 rules with at least 1 ticket related to, then show only rules that have at least 1 ticket related to. There should be 2 graphs in the same row (other than the row from before) that the first of them show a bar chart of the 4 units that have the most tickets related to them and the other one should be a bar chart of the amount of tickets from every importance (grouped by 1-5, 6-8 and 9-10). If there are less than 4 units with at least 1 ticket related to them, then show only units that have at least 1 ticket related to them. Basically should have the same design of the Merkaz Dashboard with some modifications.